My name is Monica Richardson, I studied genetics and chemistry and then
medicine in Stockholm Sweden. I believed in evolution because of my
education. Everybody did. It was something I never doubted. It was taught as a
scientific fact and even those who perhaps believed that there was a God
believed that this God would have used evolution in the creation
process. I want to talk about the miracle of birth. Now during pregnancy the
baby is supplied oxygen via the placenta but at birth it will have to use its
lungs. In the womb the baby's lungs are collapsed. After breath they have to
become inflated. Now this is a very hard work for the baby to do. So during the
latter part of pregnancy there is a very special chemical produced as
secreted called a palminary surf actant and that chemical is being deposited on
the surface of the peripheral parts of the lungs where the gas exchange is
taking place to lower the surface tension and that means that when the baby is
born and starts to inflate its lungs he can do it. One wonders is this a result of
a clever intelligent conception and design or could it have happened by chance.
Well it was when the witness is called on me that I really got encouraged to for
the first time in my life look into the Bible. Life around us is so cleverly
designed. I can't believe there is a design without a design.